Hello, I am Ali
I have made a video player in this mini project
This is a video made with Pure javascript
In this video, various test features are used
Like dark mode
In the dark mode, the colors are darker
And in light mode, the colors are brighter
The main codes of this exercise are in my GitHub
my GitHub is aliseyedi01
Also, if there is a bug in these codes, please tell me
The CSS of this video player is made with Tailwind
Also, other features such as taking screenshots
and save it to the device or to the clipboard used .
You can also work with this video
player by pressing different keys,
which are the shortcuts of the buttons.
Responsive modes have been applied in this video player
You can use the capabilities of this video player in both desktop and mobile modes
I hope you enjoy this video player
And give a like or a star if you like
Tell me if there is a problem with the codes or if you have a new solution
I hope you have a good day